looking for in the young vaulter when
you see someone maybe just starting now
what aspects do you look at and say hey
that person would be a good Walter well
I think as a coach first and foremost is
that you have to either write at this
board is one that just demands something
a little different and you always
looking at a coach but someone just a
little different someone has that drive
some of the super determine who's who's
dedicated that's first informers we've
had a number of guys the years we have
had more talent than I've ever seen in
my life but there's always it's been
proven through the years I don't mean it
as a put-down mania means any way shape
or form the Tim AK but I think there's
been hundreds of alters who love to have
more talent more potential than that but
but as you can see with sheer
determination a hard work ethic and a
lot of other key factors that he
developed himself you building themself
into the Olympic champion and that shows
that that shows that anyone can become
the next image and it just takes those
special qualities
I think young vultures I see they're
recruited kid and everything what I try
to look for is something that's pretty
athletic you know someone that I can
know that Ryan and probably someone
that's done a lot of different of it's
just not the pull off I'd like to look
for high jumpers long to a person or
worse maybe any good people who messed
around with decathlon but you know I
look for taller people obviously would
be really really good that posing just
athletic people that are going to work
really hard especially for my place at
the Air Force Academy and that will come
out have some fun enjoy more fun you
have the higher
athletic well part of the first thing
usually with me the vaulters that come
to me are already pretty good and maybe
I'm looking for some different things
I'm really big on body language and how
they interact with me and what for lack
of a better thing we would call the the
first interview and I've told some
people that I didn't think that their
interaction with me would be very good
because of what I perceived during that
interview I look for I look for somebody
who one of the first questions I say to
them is are you willing to give me two
years to reinvent what you have into
something different which I believe it's
going to take to go to the world-class
level and a lot of them you can see the
body language and by their answer that
they're not willing to do that so I'm
looking for somebody first and foremost
who's open to the possibility of change
and and then secondly nowadays if I have
my druthers I'm gonna look for somebody
who's tall